First-draft of Presto client protocol documentation (#15646)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/installation/cli.rst

can be overridden by setting the environment variable ``PRESTO_PAGER`` to the
name of a different program such as ``more``, or set it to an empty value
to completely disable pagination.

> Documentation on the HTTP protocol between the Presto CLI and the Presto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation on the REST API between the Presto CLI and the Presto
```

Author: Changed.
